[website/docs]: add note on homebrew to install page (#929)
ethereum/fe: docs/src/user-guide/installation.md

    new      Create new fe project
```

## Package managers

> Mac users can also get Fe from [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/). The following command installs Fe and exposes it as `fe` without any further configuration necessary:

Reviewer: Homebrew is available for Linux as well and can even be installed on >= Windows 10 via the available Linux sub system.

Author: ```suggestion
Fe can also be installed from [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/). Homebrew is available for Mac, Linux and Windows (via [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about)). The following command installs Fe and exposes it as `fe` without any further configuration necessary:
```
